Goals Action Version 1:

    KM: 1/14/18

    These data are from the first round of piloting for Soc-Info. We ran a small
    "Pilot A" with n=9 turkers to make sure nothing was broken.

    Then, we ran a larger "Pilot B" with 25 Turkers in each condition to see if
    we could detect any evidence of a condition effect.

    We did not see any evidence of the effect and after getting feedback from
    the LangCog lab on 1/8, we decided to make substantive changes to the
    experiment, which can be found in the directory labeled ver2.


Goals Action Version 2:

    Note that we cannot analyze the action responses for PilotA because there was
    a bug in the regular expression that we used to assign value labels to each
    radio button.

    to detect the "both actions" button, we tested whether "and" was in button label.
    this worked fine. however, the string "and" is also present in the "Pull the handle"
    label. So this action response was incorrectly being labeled "both".

    KM caught and fixed the bug on 1/14/18 after collecting 30 participants on MTurk.

Goals Action Version 3:

    Pilot run on 1/16/18 by KM. We added the no-goal condition to get a baseline
    distribution over actions when participants did not have an explicit goal.

    Full sample with n=50 in each condition collected on 1/18/18

Goals Action Prior Elicitation:

    Run on 1/16/18. The goal with this task is to measure what action participants prefer
    without any hypotheses or goal prompts.


Goals Action Version 4:

    We added no-social versions of the learning, performance, and no-goal conditions.
    We also decided to internally replicate the findings from Goal-Actions Version 3.
    Finally, km made minor changes to JS to standardize the cover story text across conditions.

    Full sample with n=50 in each condition collected on 1/18/18

CAT Version  1:

    We created a new experiment to tease apart decisions that achieve presentation
    vs. activation  goals, which were confounded in earlier experiments.

    EJY collected pilot sample of 10 turkers on ???

    EJY collected full, planned sample of ??? turkers on ???
